README.md, before:

# Restcord

[![PyPI](https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/restcord.svg)](https://pypi.python.org/pypi/restcord/)
[![PyPI](https://img.shields.io/pypi/pyversions/restcord.svg)](https://pypi.python.org/pypi/restcord/)
[![Discord](https://img.shields.io/discord/351376159302483968.svg?label=Discord)](https://discord.gg/mV5j7su)
Restcord is a rest API wrapper for the Discord API, but this one does not include WebSockets, this is for people who dont want websockets but only make requests to the api.

### Breaking Changes

The discord API is constantly changing and the wrapper API is as well.

## Installing

To install the library, you can just run the following command:

```
pip install -U restcord
```

Please note that on Linux installing voice you must install the following packages via your favourite package manager (e.g. `apt`, `yum`, etc) before running the above command:

- python<version>-dev (e.g. `python3.5-dev` for Python 3.5)

## Quick Example

```py
import restcord
import asyncio

loop = asyncio.get_event_loop()
client = restcord.Restcord(token="Your token here")

async def test():
	guild = await client.get_guild("Some guild id of a guild that ur bot/user account is in")
	print(guild.__dict__)

loop.run_until_complete(test())
```

### For user accounts:

```py
import restcord
import asyncio

loop = asyncio.get_event_loop()
client = restcord.Restcord(token="Your token here", selfbot=True)

async def test():
	guild = await client.get_guild("Some guild id of a guild that ur bot/user account is in")
	print(guild.__dict__)

loop.run_until_complete(test())
```

## Requirements

- Python 3.4.2+ (There will be no effort to add support for lower versions)
- `aiohttp` library

Usually `pip` will handle these for you.

## Related Projects

- [discord.py](https://github.com/rapptz/discord.py)

Commit message:

Added close function to core Added new exceptions Updated vars description Added an example of app Updated README Updated setup

README.md, after:

# Restcord

[![PyPI](https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/restcord.svg)](https://pypi.python.org/pypi/restcord/)
[![PyPI](https://img.shields.io/pypi/pyversions/restcord.svg)](https://pypi.python.org/pypi/restcord/)
[![Discord](https://img.shields.io/discord/351376159302483968.svg?label=Discord)](https://discord.overtown.fr)

Restcord is a Python wrapper for the Discord API, but without using WebSockets. 
This is for people who only want to make requests to the api without having a full-fledged bot.

### Breaking Changes

The Discord API is subject to breaking changes, so this wrapper is also subject to these changes.

## Installing

<!--To install this library, you can just run the following command:

```
pip install -U restcord
```-->

To install this library, you should either clone it or download it. The version on PyPi is the original one, without any of the fixes here.

Please note that on Linux installing voice you must install the following packages via your favourite package manager (e.g. `apt`, `yum`, etc) before running the above command:

- python<version>-dev (e.g. `python3.5-dev` for Python 3.5)

## Quick Example (bot accounts)

```py
import restcord
import asyncio

loop = asyncio.get_event_loop() # Get current asyncio loop
client = restcord.Restcord(token="Your token here") # Start the REST API session

async def get_guild():
	guild = await client.get_guild("Some guild id of a guild that ur bot/user account is in")
	print(guild.__dict__)

loop.run_until_complete(test())
client.close()
```
Check the file example.py for an application used to upload an emote to the first guild with permissions OK & storage OK.

### For user accounts:
Use at your own risk, Discord does not like at all selfbots.

```py
client = restcord.Restcord(token="Your token here", selfbot=True)
```

## Requirements

- Python 3.4.2+ (There will be no effort to add support for lower versions)
- `aiohttp` library

Usually `pip` will handle these for you.

## Related Projects

- [Restcord](https://github.com/JustMaffie/Restcord)
- [discord.py](https://github.com/rapptz/discord.py)
